# ❗️ Pokédex ❗️

<video src='https://res.cloudinary.com/dxznkdizm/video/upload/v1723492068/portfolio-orlandini-sebastien/pokemon/pokemon-home_opg4b2.mp4' width=180/>

Welcome to the latest version of my Pokédex project! I’m excited to share all
the new features and improvements I’ve added. 🐾❗️

## Overview

I had a blast working on the first page, where a playful Pikachu is always
chasing after an elusive Mewtwo. ⚡️🐭⚡️ This project was a fantastic
opportunity to expand my front-end development skills, and I’ve made some
significant updates that I think you’ll enjoy.

## Key Features

### Dynamic Button Video

🎥 The button leading to the Pokédex now features a video that activates each
time the theme switches between dark and light mode, adding an interactive touch
to the user experience.

### Three.js Pokéball Animation

⚾️ The Pokéball animation is crafted using Three.js, bringing the site to life
with a realistic, dynamic effect.

### Framer Motion Animations

🛠️ The entire site utilizes Framer Motion for smooth, visually appealing
transitions, making the user experience more engaging.

### Pokémon Cards

🗃️ I’ve completely redesigned the Pokémon cards. Larger-than-life Pokémon leap
out of the card with a trendy "out of the box" effect, making each card feel
unique and exciting.

https://res.cloudinary.com/dxznkdizm/video/upload/v1723491981/portfolio-orlandini-sebastien/pokemon/pokemon-cards_ywk08o.mp4

### Interactive Card Flip

🔁 I’ve added a flip feature to the Pokémon cards, allowing users to switch
between general information and stats. This gives each card a dynamic, rotating
reveal, adding depth to the interaction.

### Infinite Scroll & Search

🛠️ The project includes an infinite scroll feature for seamless navigation,
along with a search function by ID, making it easier to find your favorite
Pokémon.

### Gradient-Based Pokémon Types

🎆 Each Pokémon card now showcases a gradient based on its type, with animated
characteristics. The cards are also styled differently for light and dark modes,
enhancing the visual experience across themes. 🌞✨🌛

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js**
- **TypeScript**
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **Three.js**
- **Framer Motion**

## Live Demo

Check out the live version of the project on Vercel:
[Pokédex on Vercel](https://pokemon-theta-swart.vercel.app/)

---

Feel free to explore the code and provide feedback. Keep coding and enjoy the
creative process!

## Hashtags

#NextJs #React #Js #Javascript #Ts #TypeScript #FrontEnd #WebDevelopment
#FramerMotion #ThreeJS #Pokémon #UIUX #FrontendDevelopment #CodingJourney
#TypeScript #TailwindCSS #FramerMotion #Pokédex #Coding #LightMode #DarkMode
#CSS #Design #CodingFun #ToggleButton
